Change the URL to go to the doc page (#479)
GSA-TTS/identity-dev-docs: _pages/index.md

    <ol class="usa-process-list usa-prose margin-bottom-4">
      <li class="usa-process-list__item">
        <p>

>           Your integration with Login.gov starts in the <a href="https://developers.login.gov/testing/#using-the-sandbox" class="usa-link">dashboard</a> where you can register your app.

Reviewer: This should use `baseurl` so the link points to the local site in local development, or the preview site in the branch preview.

```suggestion
          Your integration with Login.gov starts in the <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/testing/#using-the-sandbox" class="usa-link">dashboard</a> where you can register your app.
```
